Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to start building the login screen.
Okay, now over this old folder, we are going to create a new file and we're going to call this file
customer on the score, log in on the score screen and then the section is dot dots.
The login screen is going to look like that of the London customer's screen.
So what we can do, we can alight all this by using controller and A and then copy.
And then over the customer log in screen, we can use control and B and then paste this code.
OC And now we have to rename the class.
So over here we can alight and use contraband.
Contraband in a light similar name.
Okay.
And now we can rename this to customer login screen.
Great.
And now over the mandate fi.
For now we have to change this London customer screen to be.
The.
Customer.
Log in.
And screen.
Okay.
What?
We start this.
And this is going to take us to the customer login screen and we just have to wait for this.
Okay.
Back to.
The customer the longest screen.
We then have to get rid of what we do not need.
Okay.
Now we basically are not going to be able to pick a match because we just want to be able to log in.
So we do not need the psycho avatar, the camera gallery and sort.
So first of all, we can get rid of this pig image from Gallery.
And over here we are calling that function.
So we're going to have this error so we can as well get rid of this.
And we do not really need to pick image from gallery because sorry from camera because we just want
to log in.
And over here.
Let's.
And.
This is the function to sign up users, right?
We basically do not need this because we had already signed up.
And now we can get rid of this over here.
Okay.
And.
Get rid of this variable called this global variable.
And we can look for where we are, isn't it?
And we basically do not need this security.
Right?
So we need to get rid of this.
So it starts from here and it.
Right.
Get rid of it is contrary and save.
And this should be gone.
This should be gone now.
We have orders that I think this is okay, it's gone, and we have to get rid of this column.
Right.
Okay.
It starts here and.
And.
Where else?
Here, within the colon.
We basically had to contain our right so we can get rid of the full colon.
So this is going to get rid of.
This via.
Gets rid of it.
Okay.
And now we can change this to say login to customize account.
Or we can just say sign in or probably we can just go with sign in.
Should be okay.
Sign in to customers accounts.
This country has to save.
And you're going to see to via sign into customers account.
And we do not need the full name field, so we need to get rid of that.
So over the phone, this is the test from field and it's ends over.
Yeah.
Get rid of it.
Okay.
It should be gone by now.
It's gone.
And I think this place is okay.
This is the size box separating this and.
What we have over here.
Great.
We have to rename this test to say log in or sign in or we can just log in or whatever you desire.
Okay.
That test.
Did she say?
Log in.
You can try to save.
And you're going to see it via.
Over.
Yeah.
Log in and already have an account.
This should then say sign up.
Already have an account.
And I should say.
Sign up.
This country needs to save.
Okay.
Great.
This is basically it.
Right now we have two fields.
The email and the password.
Right.
Okay.
Sounds good.
And if we do not have if we already have an account we want to go to.
The sign up screen so we can just create that function now.
Okay.
So over.
Yeah.
The test button.
We can then say navigator.
Navigator.
Dot of contest.
And darts.
Push.
Want to push?
So another page.
And for the root.
This is something known as Materia.
Marty.
We are page roots for the builder.
This is going to take in something known as contest.
And most of the time we really do not need to specify, but we can just specify.
This contest is something known as build contest.
I think you've seen this before, the beauty contest.
Okay.
And now we have to create a functional barrier.
And we just want to return to.
The way we call this.
London.
Is going to take what I called this what we learned the customer screen.
The customer screened OC.
I had your semi-colon as well.
I can use control and save.
And now if we.
You have an account?
We just want to.
Sorry.
If we do not have an account, we just want to sign up.
I think we have to restart this.
And that should be it.
Okay.
We just have to wait.
I think it's taking longer than expected, but.
We still have to wait for this and.
Everything is going to work as planned.
Okay.
This is taking longer.
Probably I'm going to leave this for you to do this yourself or to test this yourself.
Okay.
Take longer.
Look, we're just going to continue from here and in this lecture.
Okay, guys, see you at the next lecture.